echo "Enabling NTP sync..."
sudo timedatectl set-ntp true

echo "Installing xorg..."
pacaur -S xorg-server --needed

echo "Installing lightdm..."
pacaur -S lightdm lightdm-webkit2-greeter lightdm-webkit-theme-litarvan --needed

echo "Configuring lightdm..."
if grep -q "lightdm-webkit2-greeter" /etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf ; then
	:
else
	sudo nano /etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf
fi
if grep -q "litarvan" /etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit2-greeter.conf ; then
	:
else
	sudo nano /etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit2-greeter.conf
fi
sudo systemctl enable lightdm.service

echo "Installing i3 and i3pystatus dependencies..."
pacaur -S i3-gaps i3pystatus-git python-pip xorg-xset python-dbus xorg-xprop xorg-xbacklight --needed
pip install netifaces colour pytz psutil i3ipc

echo "Installing pulseaudio..."
pacaur -S pulseaudio pulseaudio-bluetooth pulseaudio-alsa alsa-utils --needed

echo "Installing misc..."
pacaur -S nautilus dunst clipit leafpad viewnior vlc playerctl filemanager-actions libinput-gestures \
compton rofi xorg-xrandr reflector htop synergy qt5-base arandr vivaldi nautilus-admin seahorse \
xorg-xdpyinfo seahorse-nautilus gedit unclutter-xfixes-git polkit-gnome xorg-xinput redshift xfce4-terminal --needed

echo "Installing bluetooth and network GUIs..."
pacaur -S blueman bluez bluez-utils networkmanager network-manager-applet --needed
sudo systemctl enable NetworkManager.service
sudo systemctl enable NetworkManager-wait-online.service

echo "Installing script dependencies..."
pacaur -S pkgfile zsh-autosuggestions zsh-history-substring-search zsh-syntax-highlighting python-pywal --needed
echo "Installing fonts..."
pacaur -S nitrogen adobe-source-code-pro-fonts adobe-source-sans-pro-fonts ttf-font-awesome --needed

echo "Installing power and temp services..."
pacaur -S tlp thermald lm_sensors --needed
sudo systemctl enable tlp.service
sudo systemctl enable tlp-sleep.service
sudo systemctl mask systemd-rfkill.service
sudo systemctl mask systemd-rfkill.socket
sudo systemctl enable thermald
